Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/bmi-calculator-part-1_10999910?leftPanelTabValue=PROBLEM

BMI Calculator - Part 1
Moderate
80/80
Average time to solve is 40m
Static HTML
Structured HTML
Problem statement
BMI Calculator - Part 1

Unleash Your Creativity! , Maintaining good BMI to maintain good health , create a BMI calculator that takes your height and weight and gives you the calculated BMI .

Welcome, developers! Your mission is to design a BMI (Body mass index) calculator that allows users to find their BMI just by inputing their height (cm) and weight (kg).


Task for students

Must to have
Title tag should exist and contain the word 'BMI Calculator'
Inside the body there should be a parent div with id 'bmiCalculator'
Inside the parent div with id as 'bmiCalculator' there should be an h2 tag with content 'BMI Calculator'
Inside the parent div with id as 'bmiCalculator' there should be a div with class as 'weight-input'
Inside the parent div with id as 'bmiCalculator' there should be a div with class as 'height-input'
Inside the parent div with id as 'bmiCalculator' there should be a button with content as 'Calculate BMI'
Inside the parent div with id as 'bmiCalculator' there should be a div with id as 'result'
Inside the div with class 'weight-input' there should be label with the for attribute as 'weight', content in it as 'Weight (kg):' and below this label there should be an input with type as number , id as weight and placeholder as 'Weight in kilograms'.
Inside the div with class 'height-input' there should be label with the for attribute as 'height' , content in it as 'Height (cm):' and below this label there should be an input with type as number , id as height and placeholder as 'Height in centimeters'.
Button should trigger 'calculateBMI' function when clicked
Div that contains id as result should be left empty

UI reference
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.

Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers!

