Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/array-manupilation-add-all-the-numbers-in-array_9027756?leftPanelTabValue=PROBLEM

Array Manipulation Sum Of Numbers
Moderate
80/80
Average time to solve is 40m
JS logic & basics
Problem statement
Array Manipulation Sum Of Numbers

Unleash Your Creativity , Design an app that efficiently adds up all numbers in an array, offering a quick and reliable solution for numerical summation!.

Welcome, developers! Your endeavor is to develop a cutting-edge application designed to sum all numbers in an array. Envision a streamlined, user-friendly interface that seamlessly calculates the total of any numerical array, providing users with immediate and accurate results. This application should excel not only in its primary function of addition but also in enhancing user engagement, enabling easy input, and rapid computation of data. Aim to create a tool that is indispensable for both simple and complex mathematical operations, and enriches the user's comprehension of numerical analysis and aggregation.


Task for students

Must to have
A function named "sumArray"
Functionality tested
sumArray function adds the array of numbers (note :- Since this will not have multiple results , there is no need of enclosing the result in [ ] brackets, have a look at UI reference)

UI reference
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.



Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your Array Manipulation Sum Of Numbers!

