Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/array-manupilation-reverse-array_9027755?leftPanelTabValue=PROBLEM

Array Manipulation Reverse Array
Moderate
80/80
Average time to solve is 40m
JS logic & basics
Problem statement
Array Manipulation Reverse Array

Unleash Your Creativity , Create an app that ingeniously reverses arrays, offering a simple yet powerful solution for dynamic data manipulation!.

Welcome, developers! Your project is to create a groundbreaking application that masterfully reverses arrays. Picture a sleek, intuitive interface that effortlessly flips any array, providing users with an instant view of their data in reverse order. This application should not only be incredibly efficient in its core function but also offer an engaging user experience, allowing for easy manipulation and analysis of data structures. Aim to develop a tool that is both essential for programming and data management tasks, and educational in understanding data patterns and sequences.


Task for students

Must to have
A function named "reverseArray"
Functionality tested
reverseArray function reverses the array of numbers (note :- The filtered numbers should be enclosed in [ ] brackets and seperated by comma and a space , like in the UI reference)

UI reference
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.



Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your Array Manipulation Reverse Array!

