Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/login-form-part-4_10708321

Login Form - Part 4
Moderate
0/80
Average time to solve is 40m
Interactive HTML
CSS styling
JS DOM & events
Problem statement
Login Form - Part 4

Enhancing the User Experience and Security of a Custom Login Page.

Welcome, developers! Your task is to create a login page that involves addressing potential usability issues, such as ensuring input validation and responsive design.


Task for students

Must to have
The id of the Name input box should be "name".
The id of the Email input box should be "email".
The id of the Password input box should be "pass".
The id of the Submit button should be "btn" and type of the Submit button should be "submit".
The id of the Clear button should be "cancelbtn" and type of the Submit button should be "button".
Add 'Forget Password?' anchor tag and put it inside a span tag with class "psw".
Functionality tested
Submit the data on clicking submit button.
When you click on Submit button, there should be an alert "Form submitted successfully.".
Name field should contain only upper case and lower case characters and spaces.
Email field should contain an email ending with "@codingninjas.com".
Password field should contain password with size >= 8 and contains "@".
If you put any wrong details in all the fields, then on submitting, there should be an alert "Fill the form correctly.".
Clear button should reset all the fields.
When you click the forget password, there should be only alert "Verification Code has been sent to your mail".

UI reference & demo
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.


Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your login form!

