Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/preference-settings-form_10924087?leftPanelTabValue=PROBLEM

Sample Survey Form
Moderate
80/80
Average time to solve is 40m
Interactive HTML
Problem statement
Sample Survey Form

Design a user-friendly webpage for customize survey form.

Welcome, developers! Your task is to create a web page presenting a survey that contains different options like name, review, gender, hobbies etc.


Task for students

Must to have
The id of the input of the name should be "name".
The id of the input of the textarea should be "feedback".
The id of the input of the male option in Gender should be "male".
The id of the input of the female option in Gender should be "female".
The id of the input of the first hobby option in Your Hobbies section, should be "hobby1".
The id of the input of the second hobby option in Your Hobbies section, should be "hobby2".
The id of the input of the third hobby option in Your Hobbies section, should be "hobby3".
The id of the select tag that is creating dropdown ultimately, should be "country".
The id of the Submit button should be "submit-btn".
Functionality tested
Radio buttons for gender should be created correctly.
Checkboxes for hobbies should be created correctly.
Dropdown for country should be created correctly.
Name input should be created correctly.
Textarea for feedback should be created correctly.
Submit button should be created.
Form should attempt to submit on clicking the submit button.

UI reference & demo
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.


Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your typing test project!

