Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/calculator-javascript_8966782?leftPanelTabValue=PROBLEM

Calculator - Part 3
Hard
120/120
Average time to solve is 60m
Static HTML
Structured HTML
CSS styling
CSS effects
JS logic & basics
JS DOM & events
Problem statement
Calculator - Part 3

Unleash Your Creativity , Calculate with ease: Your solution is just a click away!.

Welcome, developers! Your task is to build a cutting-edge calculator application that revolutionizes the way calculations are done. Design a sleek, intuitive interface combined with intelligent features, enabling users to perform complex calculations with ease, accuracy, and unparalleled efficiency.


Task for students

Must to have
Input Buttons should trigger 'appendToDisplay' function when clicked 1,2,3,4,5,6,7,8,9,0,÷,x,.,-,+ (In this problem we just want to test that the buttons are correctly aligned with the function)
There should be clear button denoted by C and have the function called "clearDisplay"
There should be a function named "calculate" on the = button.
Display type of buttons should be grid , padding should 10px , gap should be 10 px
Width of the calculator should be 320px and the border radius should be 10px
Display width should be 90% of the calculator's width , padding should 0.5 rem
A function named "appendToDisplay"
A function named "clearDisplay"
A function named "calculate"
Functionality tested
appendToDisplay should successfully append the value to the display
clearDisplay should successfully clear the display
calculate should successfully calculate the expression correctly
appedToDisplay and calculate should handle errors correctly and give error in form of 'Error' in case of incomplete math expression

UI reference
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.



Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your Calculator!

