Problem Link:- https://www.codingninjas.com/studio/problems/expense-tracker-remove-expense_9173602

Expense Tracker - Part 3
Ninja
0/200
Average time to solve is 90m
JS logic & basics
JS DOM & events
Problem statement
Expense Tracker - Part 3

Unleash Your Creativity , Develop a cutting-edge Expense Tracker app that combines simplicity, smart analytics, and user-friendly design to transform personal finance management!.

Welcome, developers! Your mission is to design an exceptional Expense Tracker application that revolutionizes the way users manage their finances. Envision an interface that embodies the epitome of user-friendliness, coupled with intelligent and intuitive features. This app should empower users to track their expenses and income with unparalleled ease and accuracy. Strive to create a solution that simplifies budgeting, offers insightful financial overviews, and encourages responsible spending habits, all while maintaining a sleek and engaging user experience.


Task for students

Must to have
Should have an input tag with type as text , id as "expenseName".
Should have an input tag with type as number , id as "amount".
Should have an input tag with type as date , id as "date".
Should have a button tag with id as "addExpense".
The button should trigger a function named "addExpense".
A function named "displayExpenses".
The button with contect Remove should trigger a function named "removeExpense".
Functionality tested
Use the localstorage for storing the expense with the name of "expenses" (The Expenses added should be stored in Localstorage named as "expenses")
addExpense function should add the the particular expense in the localstorage with the of "expenses"
For each expense thats been added should have name , amount , date and id as the Date.now()
The function named "displayExpenses" should be display the expense from the localstorage to the < li>
The function named "removeExpense" should remove the particular expense

UI reference
Use the given provided code and try to mirror the UI.



Evaluation
After submission, your solution will be evaluated automatically based on the tasks defined above.
Upon successful completion of all the tasks/requirements, you will get a full score, and there will not be any partial scoring.
You can work on your failed test cases & resubmit your solution.
Your problem will get evaluated instantly.

Do’s & don’t
Use the given code structure in editor and do not make any changes.
Do not modify existing classes or tags.
Focus on correct HTML structure and class names.

Query & feedback
In case of any query/feedback on this project, please fill this form & we will soon get in touch with you to resolve.

Best of luck, developers! We are eager to see your Expense Tracker!



